README.md, before:

# Cletus

## ⚠️ CRITICAL SECURITY WARNING ⚠️

**THIS EXTENSION USES CLAUDE CODE HEADLESS MODE WITH DANGEROUSLY SKIPPED PERMISSIONS**

By using this extension, you acknowledge that:

- **Agentic prompts have extensive access to your machine and files**
- **Claude Code Hooks, Commands, and Subagents can execute with dangerous permissions**
- **This poses significant security risks to your system and data**

**USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. This tool should only be used in isolated/sandboxed environments.**

---

## Installation

1. Clone and install dependencies:

   ```bash
   git@github.com:webdevcody/cletus.git
   cd cletus && bun install
   bun run build:extension
   ```

2. Link the Cletus package:

   ```bash
   cd packages/api && bun link cletus
   ```

3. Navigate to your project root and run the api:

   ```bash
   cletus
   ```

4. Install the extension in chrome:

   - Open `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked"
   - Select `cletus/packages/extension/dist`

## Development on API

To develop the Chrome extension:

1. Run the api in dev mode:
   ```bash
   bun run dev:api
   ```

## Development on Extension

To develop the Chrome extension:

1. Build and install the extension:

   ```bash
   bun run dev:extension
   ```

2. Load the extension in Chrome:

   - Open `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked"
   - Select `cletus/packages/extension/dist`

3. As you change, vite will refresh and your extension will refresh automatically. Just collapse and reopen extension to view changes.

Commit message:

Add humorous introduction and feature list for Cletus in README.md. Highlighted Cletus's unconventional programming background and added a lighthearted quote to enhance engagement.

README.md, after:

# Cletus

_Meet Cletus - Claude's half-removed cousin. Not the brightest, but he gets things done._

While Claude went to fancy AI school, Cletus learned programming from Stack Overflow answers marked as "this worked for me." He may not understand why something works, but if you need a Chrome extension that bypasses safety features with the confidence of someone who definitely didn't read the documentation, Cletus is your guy.

**Features:**

- ✅ Skips permissions (who needs those anyway?)
- ✅ Works on my machine™
- ✅ Commits directly to your code without asking questions or clarifying your requirements

_"I don't always write secure code, but when I do, I don't."_ - Cletus

## ⚠️ CRITICAL SECURITY WARNING ⚠️

**THIS EXTENSION USES CLAUDE CODE HEADLESS MODE WITH DANGEROUSLY SKIPPED PERMISSIONS**

By using this extension, you acknowledge that:

- **Agentic prompts have extensive access to your machine and files**
- **Claude Code Hooks, Commands, and Subagents can execute with dangerous permissions**
- **This poses significant security risks to your system and data**

**USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. This tool should only be used in isolated/sandboxed environments.**

---

## Installation

1. Clone and install dependencies:

   ```bash
   git@github.com:webdevcody/cletus.git
   cd cletus && bun install
   bun run build:extension
   ```

2. Link the Cletus package:

   ```bash
   cd packages/api && bun link cletus
   ```

3. Navigate to your project root and run the api:

   ```bash
   cletus
   ```

4. Install the extension in chrome:

   - Open `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked"
   - Select `cletus/packages/extension/dist`

## Development on API

To develop the Chrome extension:

1. Run the api in dev mode:
   ```bash
   bun run dev:api
   ```

## Development on Extension

To develop the Chrome extension:

1. Build and install the extension:

   ```bash
   bun run dev:extension
   ```

2. Load the extension in Chrome:

   - Open `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked"
   - Select `cletus/packages/extension/dist`

3. As you change, vite will refresh and your extension will refresh automatically. Just collapse and reopen extension to view changes.
